Adds a case study landing page (#203)
lightningdevkit/lightningdevkit.org: docs/case-studies.md

          <p>A Rust library for working with Discreet Log Contracts</p>
        </div>
         <div class="case-study-item">
          <img src="./assets/github.png" />
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/BitcoinDevShop/hidden-lightning-network" target="_blank">The Hidden Lightning Network</a></h3>
          <p>Probes the Lightning Network for the detection of private channels</p>
        </div>
        <div class="case-study-item">
          <img src="./assets/github.png" />
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank">ldk-sample with Tor</a></h3>
          <p>An experimentation with tor by adapting the ldk-sample node</p>
        </div>
        <div class="case-study-item">
          <img src="./assets/github.png" />
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/ConorOkus/uMlando-wallet" target="_blank">uMlando</a></h3>
          <p>An educational Android demo wallet</p>
        </div>
      </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:all>
  <div class="case-studies">
    <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/blue-wallet.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://bluewallet.io/" target="_blank">Blue Wallet</a></h3>

>     <p>A mobile bitcoin and lightning wallet.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p> A radically simple and powerful bitcoin and Lightning wallet
 </p>
```

    </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/bitkit.png" />

>     <h3><a href="https://porticoexchange.github.io/porticoexchangev2.github.io/" target="_blank">Bitkit</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <h3><a href="https://bitkit.to/" target="_blank">Bitkit</a></h3>
```

>     <p>A mobile wallet that features portable web profiles and passwordless web accounts</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p> A mobile app that hands you the keys to your money, profile, contacts, and web accounts</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/kumuly.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank">Kumuly</a></h3>
    <p>A Colomnia-based mobile bitcoin and Lightning wallet</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/lipa.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank">Lipa</a></h3>

>     <p>Swiss-based mobile app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>A Swiss-based mobile app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/portico.png" />

>       <h3><a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank">Portico</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <h3><a href="https://porticoexchange.github.io/porticoexchangev2.github.io/" target="_blank">Portico</a></h3>
```

      <p>A DEX that enables people to swap between bitcoin layers and sidechains</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/mercury.png" />

>       <h3><a href="https://porticoexchange.github.io/porticoexchangev2.github.io/" target="_blank">Mercury</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <h3><a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank">Mercury</a></h3>
```

>       <p>A lighting wallet that enables BTC transfers without requiring an on-chain transaction</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>A layer 2 bitcoin wallet that enables users to send and swap bitcoin privately</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/10101.png" />
      <h3><a href="https://10101.finance/" target="_blank">10101</a></h3>

>       <p>An on-chain and off-chain wallet that allows trading</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>An on-chain and off-chain wallet infused with trading to unleash trustless decentralized finance</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/mutiny.png" />
      <h3><a href="https://mutinywallet.com/" target="_blank">Mutiny</a></h3>

>       <p>Mutiny is a web-first lightning wallet</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>A web-first unstoppable bitcoin wallet for everyone</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/velas.png" />
      <h3><a href="https://www.velascommerce.com/" target="_blank">Velas</a></h3>

>       <p>Enables businesses to integrate Lightning payments into websites, mobile applications, and more</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Enables businesses to integrate Bitcoin and Lightning features into websites, mobile apps, and more</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/atomic.png" />
      <h3><a href="https://atomicdex.io/en/" target="_blank">AtomicDEX</a></h3>

>       <p>A multi-coin wallet, bridge, and DEX that can run on mobile and desktop</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>A multi-coin wallet, bridge, and DEX rolled into one app</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/hydranet.png" />
      <h3><a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank">Hydranet</a></h3>

>       <p>A DEX that offers trading between blockchains without the need for a layer 2 bridge</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>A layer 3 decentralized exchange - a solution for trading with native tokens between blockchains</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <img src="./assets/cash-app-logo.png" />
      <h3><a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank">Cash App</a></h3>

>       <p>A mobile P2P payments app and bitcoin wallet</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Send and spend, bank, and buy stocks or bitcoin</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/teos.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/talaia-labs/rust-teos" target="_blank">TEOS</a></h3>

>     <p>A bitcoin watchtower with a specific focus on lightning</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>A bitcoin watchtower with a specific focus on Lightning</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/vls.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://vls.tech/" target="_blank">VLS</a></h3>

>     <p>Separates lightning private keys and security rule validation from nodes, into a discrete signing device</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Separates Lightning private keys and security rule validation from nodes, into a discrete signing device</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/lexe.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank">Lexe</a></h3>

>     <p>exe offers managed non-custodial Lightning nodes based on Intel SGX, accessible via mobile app</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Managed non-custodial Lightning nodes based on Intel SGX, accessible via mobile app</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/voltage.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://voltage.cloud/" target="_blank">Voltage</a></h3>

>     <p>Provides enterprise grade infrastructure for the Lightning Network</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Enterprise-grade infrastructure for the Lightning Network</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/valera.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://valera.co/" target="_blank">Valera</a></h3>

>     <p>Building a financial infrastructure suite for developers and users</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>A financial infrastructure suite for developers and users</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/kuutamo.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank">Kuutamo</a></h3>
    <p>A turn-key, end-to-end solution for running self-hosted nodes, anywhere</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <img src="./assets/c=.png" />
    <h3><a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank">C=</a></h3>

>     <p>Building tools and services to help connect people to the Lightning Network</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Tools and services that help connect people to the Lightning Network</p>
```

      </div>
      <div class="case-study-item">
        <a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/mercury.png" /></a>
        <h3><a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank">Mercury</a></h3>
        <p>A layer 2 bitcoin wallet that enables users to send and swap bitcoin privately</p>
      </div>
      </div>
  </template>

  <template v-slot:custodial>

  <div class="case-studies">
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank"> <img src="./assets/cash-app-logo.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank">Cash App</a></h3>
    <p>Send and spend, bank, and buy stocks or bitcoin</p>
  </div>
  </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:infra>

  <div class="case-studies">
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/c=.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank">c=</a></h3>
    <p>Tools and services that help connect people to the Lightning Network</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/kuutamo.png" /></a>

>     <h3><a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank">Kuutamo</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank">kuutamo</a></h3>
```

    <p>A turn-key, end-to-end solution for running self-hosted nodes, anywhere</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank">LNDK</a></h3>

>     <p>LNDK is an experimental attempt at using LDK to implement BOLT12 features for LND</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>A standalone daemon that aims to externally implement bolt 12 functionality for LND</p>
```

      <h3><a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank">c=</a></h3>
      <p>Tools and services that help connect people to the Lightning Network</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank"> <img src="./assets/cash-app-logo.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank">Cash App</a></h3>
      <p>Send and spend, bank, and buy stocks or bitcoin</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/hydranet.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank">Hydranet</a></h3>
      <p>A layer 3 decentralized exchange - a solution for trading with native tokens between blockchains</p>
    </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/kumuly.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank">Kumuly</a></h3>
    <p>Colombian-based mobile bitcoin and Lightning wallet</p>
   </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/kuutamo.png" /></a>

>       <h3><a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank">Kuutamo</a></h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <h3><a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank">kuutamo</a></h3>
```

      <p>A turn-key, end-to-end solution for running self-hosted nodes, anywhere</p>
   </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank">ldk-sample with Tor</a></h3>
    <p>An experimentation with tor by adapting the ldk-sample node</p>
   </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank"> <img src="./assets/lexe.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank">Lexe</a></h3>

>     <p>Managed non-custodial Lightning nodes based on Intel SGX, accessible via mobile app</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Managed non-custodial Lightning nodes inside secure hardware</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/lipa.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank">Lipa</a></h3>
    <p>A Swiss-based mobile app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank">LNDK</a></h3>

>     <p>LNDK is an experimental attempt at using LDK to implement BOLT12 features for LND</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>A standalone daemon that aims to externally implement bolt 12 functionality for LND</p>
```

    image: "/img/teos-main.png"
    imageAlt: ""
    caseStudyLink: "/blog/teos-uses-ldk-to-build-open-source-watchtower/"
  - title: "Cash App"
    details: "Send and spend, bank, and buy stocks or bitcoin "
    image: "/img/cash-app-logo.png"
    imageAlt: "cash app logo"
    caseStudyLink: "/blog/cashapp-enables-lightning-withdrawals-and-deposits-using-ldk/"
  - title: "Sensei"
    details: "A lightning node implementation for everyone"
    image: "/img/sensei-main.png"
    imageAlt: "sensei logo"
    caseStudyLink: "/blog/sensei-uses-ldk-to-build-a-multi-node-lightning-server-application/"
editLink: false
lastUpdated: false
---

<h1 class="more-cases-heading">
   Meet all the projects using LDK!
</h1>

<CodeSwitcher :languages="{all: 'All', mobile:'Mobile', web:'Web', desktop:'Desktop', custodial: 'Custodial', infra:'Infrastructure', library: 'Libraries', misc:'Misc',}">
  <template v-slot:mobile>
    <div class="case-studies">
     <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://10101.finance/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/10101.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://10101.finance/" target="_blank">10101</a></h3>

>       <p>An on-chain and off-chain wallet infused with trading to unleash trustless decentralized finance</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>An on and off-chain wallet infused with trading</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://bitkit.to/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/bitkit.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://bitkit.to/" target="_blank">Bitkit</a></h3>

>       <p>A mobile app that hands you the keys to your money, profile, contacts, and web accounts</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>The ultimate bitcoin toolkit, take charge of your digital life</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://bluewallet.io/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/blue-wallet.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://bluewallet.io/" target="_blank">Blue Wallet</a></h3>
      <p>A radically simple and powerful bitcoin and Lightning wallet</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/kumuly.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank">Kumuly</a></h3>
    <p>Colombian-based mobile bitcoin and Lightning wallet</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/lipa.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank">Lipa</a></h3>

>     <p>A Swiss-based app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Swiss-based app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>
```

      <a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/mercury.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank">Mercury</a></h3>
      <p>A layer 2 bitcoin wallet that enables users to send and swap bitcoin privately</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <h3><a href="https://mutinywallet.com/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/mutiny.png" /></a></h3>
      <h3><a href="https://mutinywallet.com/" target="_blank">Mutiny</a></h3>
      <p>A web-first unstoppable bitcoin wallet for everyone</p>
    </div>
  </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:desktop>
      <div class="case-studies">
      <div class="case-study-item">
        <a href="https://atomicdex.io/en/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/atomic.png" /></a>
        <h3><a href="https://atomicdex.io/en/" target="_blank">AtomicDEX</a></h3>
        <p>A multi-coin wallet, bridge, and DEX rolled into one app</p>
      </div>
      <div class="case-study-item">
        <a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/hydranet.png" /></a>
        <h3><a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank">Hydranet</a></h3>

>         <p>A layer 3 decentralized exchange - a solution for trading with native tokens between blockchains</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>A layer 3 decentralized exchange, allowing trading with native tokens between blockchains</p>
```

      </div>
      <div class="case-study-item">
        <a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/mercury.png" /></a>
        <h3><a href="https://mercurywallet.com/" target="_blank">Mercury</a></h3>
        <p>A layer 2 bitcoin wallet that enables users to send and swap bitcoin privately</p>
      </div>
      </div>
  </template>

  <template v-slot:custodial>

  <div class="case-studies">
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank"> <img src="./assets/cash-app-logo.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank">Cash App</a></h3>
    <p>Send and spend, bank, and buy stocks or bitcoin</p>
  </div>
  </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:infra>

  <div class="case-studies">
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/c=.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank">c=</a></h3>

>     <p>Tools and services that help connect people to the Lightning Network</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Tools and services that connect people to the Lightning Network</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/lexe.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank">Lexe</a></h3>
    <p>Managed non-custodial Lightning nodes based on Intel SGX, accessible via mobile ap</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://valera.co/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/valera.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://valera.co/" target="_blank">Valera</a></h3>
    <p>A financial infrastructure suite for developers and users</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://voltage.cloud/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/voltage.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://voltage.cloud/" target="_blank">Voltage</a></h3>
    <p>Enterprise-grade infrastructure for the Lightning Network</p>
  </div>  
  </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:library>

  <div class="case-studies">
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank">LNDK</a></h3>

>     <p>LNDK is an experimental attempt at using LDK to implement BOLT12 features for LND</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>An experimental attempt at using LDK to implement BOLT12 features for LND</p>
```

    <p>A bitcoin watchtower with a specific focus on Lightning</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://vls.tech/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/vls.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://vls.tech/" target="_blank">VLS</a></h3>
    <p>Separates Lightning private keys and security rule validation from nodes, into a discrete signing device</p>
  </div>
  </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:misc>
      <div class="case-studies">
         <div class="case-study-item">
          <a href="https://github.com/BitcoinDevShop/hidden-lightning-network" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/BitcoinDevShop/hidden-lightning-network" target="_blank">Hidden Lightning Network</a></h3>
          <p>Probes the Lightning Network for the detection of private channels</p>
        </div>
        <div class="case-study-item">
          <a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank">ldk-sample with Tor</a></h3>

>           <p>An experimentation with tor by adapting the ldk-sample node</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <p>An experimentation with tor that adapts the ldk-sample node</p>
```

        </div>
         <div class="case-study-item">
          <a href="https://github.com/p2pderivatives/rust-dlc" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/p2pderivatives/rust-dlc" target="_blank">rust-dlc</a></h3>
          <p>A Rust library for working with Discreet Log Contracts</p>
        </div>
        <div class="case-study-item">
          <a href="https://github.com/ConorOkus/uMlando-wallet" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
          <h3><a href="https://github.com/ConorOkus/uMlando-wallet" target="_blank">uMlando</a></h3>
          <p>An educational Android demo wallet</p>
        </div>
      </div>

  </template>

  <template v-slot:all>
  <div class="case-studies">
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://10101.finance/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/10101.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://10101.finance/" target="_blank">10101</a></h3>

>       <p>An on-chain and off-chain wallet infused with trading to unleash trustless decentralized finance</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>An on and off-chain wallet infused with trading</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://atomicdex.io/en/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/atomic.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://atomicdex.io/en/" target="_blank">AtomicDEX</a></h3>
      <p>A multi-coin wallet, bridge, and DEX rolled into one app</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://bitkit.to/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/bitkit.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://bitkit.to/" target="_blank">Bitkit</a></h3>

>       <p>A mobile app that hands you the keys to your money, profile, contacts, and web accounts</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>The ultimate bitcoin toolkit, take charge of your digital life</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://bluewallet.io/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/blue-wallet.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://bluewallet.io/" target="_blank">Blue Wallet</a></h3>
      <p>A radically simple and powerful bitcoin and Lightning wallet</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/c=.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://cequals.xyz/" target="_blank">c=</a></h3>

>       <p>Tools and services that help connect people to the Lightning Network</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Tools and services that connect people to the Lightning Network</p>
```

    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank"> <img src="./assets/cash-app-logo.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://cash.app/" target="_blank">Cash App</a></h3>
      <p>Send and spend, bank, and buy stocks or bitcoin</p>
    </div>
    <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/hydranet.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://hydranet.ai/" target="_blank">Hydranet</a></h3>

>       <p>A layer 3 decentralized exchange - a solution for trading with native tokens between blockchains</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>A layer 3 decentralized exchange, allowing trading with native tokens between blockchains</p>
```

    </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/kumuly.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://twitter.com/kumulydev" target="_blank">Kumuly</a></h3>
    <p>Colombian-based mobile bitcoin and Lightning wallet</p>
   </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/kuutamo.png" /></a>
      <h3><a href="https://github.com/kuutamolabs/lightning-knd" target="_blank">Kuutamo</a></h3>
      <p>A turn-key, end-to-end solution for running self-hosted nodes, anywhere</p>
   </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/TonyGiorgio/ldk-sample-tor" target="_blank">ldk-sample with Tor</a></h3>

>     <p>An experimentation with tor by adapting the ldk-sample node</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>An experimentation with tor that adapts the ldk-sample node</p>
```

   </div>
   <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank"> <img src="./assets/lexe.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/lexe-tech" target="_blank">Lexe</a></h3>
    <p>Managed non-custodial Lightning nodes based on Intel SGX, accessible via mobile app</p>
  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/lipa.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://lipa.swiss/" target="_blank">Lipa</a></h3>

>     <p>A Swiss-based mobile app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Swiss-based mobile app that offers a bitcoin wallet for individuals and businesses</p>
```

  </div>
  <div class="case-study-item">
    <a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank"><img src="./assets/github.png" /></a>
    <h3><a href="https://github.com/carlaKC/lndk" target="_blank">LNDK</a></h3>

>     <p>LNDK is an experimental attempt at using LDK to implement BOLT12 features for LND</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>An experimental attempt at using LDK to implement BOLT12 features for LND</p>
```
